2020 11 06 status update (#136)
puppetlabs/iac: _posts/2020-11-06-status-update.md

---
layout: post
title: "2020-11-06: IAC Team Status Update"
author: adrianiurca
categories:
  - team
  - status
tags:
  - mysql
  - cloud-ci
  - puppet7
  - apache
  - docker
  - postgresql
  - stdlib
  - provision
  - rspec-puppet
  - lint
  - strings
  - pdk-templates
  - puppet-module-gems
  - puppetize
---

It was an interesting week for IAC team and we have exciting news for you.

## Puppet 7 / Ruby 2.7 Certification

We are now entering the final stages of our Puppet 7 testing. With the Puppet 7 release imminent, and our Cloud CI project nearing completion, we are hoping to have Puppet 7 acceptance tests rolled out on it very soon. Before that, we are working to get unit tests running on TravisCI with Ruby 2.7.

## Outreach

In the [24th "everyonecancontribute" Kaeffchen (german)](https://everyonecancontribute.com/post/2020-11-04-kaeffchen-24-puppet-insights/) with [dnsmichi](https://twitter.com/dnsmichi), David Schmitt talks about the up and coming puppet 7 features and our new security and compliance focused products.

> ## Week 10 - PTO and First Ticket Completed
> 
> Hi all,
> This week I haven't got a lot to say.... I got my first PTO in Puppet at the start of the week from Monday to Wednesday.
> I returned to work on Thursday morning and started doing litmus acceptance testing on the tomcat module which was the first ticket assigned to me before going on PTO. I am delighted to have it completed!
> I would also like to say thanks to my mentor Ciaran for a 1:1 session on how to do effective debugging of errors. Thanks Ciaran for such a useful session.
> That's all for this week.
> Have a good weekend everyone!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disha's 10th Week: PTO and First Ticket Completed

A message from our intern:
> Hi all,
> This week I haven't got a lot to say.... I got my first PTO in Puppet at the start of the week from Monday to Wednesday.
> I returned to work on Thursday morning and started doing litmus acceptance testing on the tomcat module which was the first ticket assigned to me before going on PTO. I am delighted to have it completed!
> I would also like to say thanks to my mentor Ciaran for a 1:1 session on how to do effective debugging of errors. Thanks Ciaran for such a useful session.
> That's all for this week.
> Have a good weekend everyone!
```

> ## Cloud CI update
> 
> As we move closer to ironing out some of the bugs we have set our targets on a couple of windows modules for the initial porting to use Cloud resources in their acceptance testing.
> We have started with setting up a PR for puppetlabs-acl and as soon as we are happy with the workflow puppetlabs-iis and registry will follow.
> For a quick glance at a demo on how this setup will help in the future please take a look at "The new Puppet Developer Experience:it's all about you" presented at the Puppetize Digital 2020 event by Ben Ford.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cloud CI update

As we move closer to ironing out some of the bugs we have set our targets on a couple of windows modules for the initial porting to use Cloud resources in their acceptance testing.
We have started with setting up a [PR for puppetlabs-acl](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-acl/pull/211) and as soon as we are happy with the workflow puppetlabs-iis and registry will follow.
For a quick glance at a demo on how this setup will help in the future please take a look at "The new Puppet Developer Experience: it's all about you" presented at the [Puppetize Digital 2020](https://digital.puppetize.com) event by Ben Ford.
```
